Why should I sacrifice my life for a man?
Let me eat healthy
Marry a family and reach the top
I'm afraid I won't find a good husband
Awake
Then since the process is not important to you at all
Why did you answer him and go away?
Why would you betray your child?
That's because he seems like the best man I know so far
Besides, he doesn't belong to you
What can I possibly not love that which belongs to me?
So
Don't love you
You can say that
As long as you are willing to give me your kidney
I will never communicate with him
If not too violated
Let my life be ordinary and die
Wow, such a heavy thing.
Then it seems that the process is not important to you at all.
I only love yourself
Since you believe me
So let's move on to the money thing
I have discussed it with my parents
As long as you dare to turn around and give it to me
We can try
The price is good.
If you don't work at International Blackstone, you can't find a life that suits you
I'm afraid you will too
So big.
You are not satisfied with such good conditions.
It's just a kidney and you won't die
You can also get your dream husband and huge money
You have to know that this is something that many people can't dream of
What if I said
By the way, this paragraph you mentioned just now, colleague
I have sent it.